samples: matter: Repair reaction to last fabric removal (#15360)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Support for merging the generated factory data HEX file with the firmware HEX file by using the devicetree configuration, when Partition Manager is not enabled in the project.
  * Support for the unified Persistent Storage API, including the implementation of the PSA Persistent Storage.
  * Watchdog timer implementation for creating multiple :ref:`ug_matter_device_watchdog` sources and monitoring the time of executing specific parts of the code.

>   * Clearing SRP host services on factory reset, and repaired the KRKNWK-18916 known issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Clearing SRP host services on factory reset.
    This resolves the known issue related to the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_LAST_FABRIC_REMOVED_ERASE_AND_PAIRING_START` (KRKNWK-18916).
```
Might be a bit more informative.

* Updated default MRP retry intervals for Thread devices to two seconds to reduce the number of spurious retransmissions in Thread networks.
* Increased the number of available packet buffers in the Matter stack to avoid packet allocation issues.

> * Added clearing SRP host services on factory reset, and repaired the KRKNWK-18916 known issue.

Reviewer: Should be under the Added bullet.
